Hello, I realized last time I did the Spencer dance wrong.
From Uptown Verbank, Harmontown is now in 6th.
Somebody make a meme out of that shit.
You know, Spencer, where'd you go?
Let's pick up our Game Master.
Spencer Crittenden with his bag of holding.
What you got in that bag?
Books, books, books and dice.
Gonna play D&D, gonna go real nice.
What you got in that sack?
Just some games and a shit to get back on.
Is it true that you're going to roll some dice?
It's true, man.
It's true that I got head lice.
That's a parasite on your head.
You should see a doctor.
Let's bring up your mayor, Dan Harmon.
The beat rolls through me.
I'm an artist.
I'm a poet.
I fucked your mama and she didn't even know it.
I'm a stealth fucker.
I roll in, got bad luck or something.
When I go in, I've got a tiny little wiener
so she didn't know.
It's like a cave.
Hear me blow.
Yo, echo.
It's not your mama's pissies.
It's the problem.
Boy, oh boy.
You guys threw me because.
No, no, no.
That sounded accusatory.
That sounded blamful and shameful.
I'm just saying my rap is more shameful than it would have been
if I hadn't been overshadowed by professional rappers,
Rachel Maddow.
Do a rap as Rachel Maddow.
All right.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo.
I got a long neck and my head's in the stars.
Rachel Maddow coming at you tonight.
I got some left-leaning news to make you feel all right.
In spite of Nazis taking over the USA,
I'm popular and not because I'm gay.
It's just the reason you can trust me.
Don't fuck with me.
I got a really long neck so I can see better than you.
What's going on?
Rachel Maddow.
I haven't watched her in a while.
Wait, OK.
Hello, Zach.
Zac McKeever on.
Did I just out Rachel Maddow?
Well, you certainly added her as having a long neck.
No, people know that.
And she celebrates it, I think, with her.
If you were ashamed of your very long neck,
you would not wear what Rachel Maddow wears.
This is not me objectifying her.
I think you're certainly neck-shaming.
I think he's neck-celebrating.
Like I believe she is, I'm neck-celebrating.
Now we've learned from her what the next thing that happens
is that Rachel is doing an AMA and somebody says,
Dan Harmon says you have a shamefully long neck
and that you dress like you should be ashamed.
What are your comments on that?
And then we're beefing.
Oh, well, now we're beefing.
Beefing with Maddow.
Beefing with me.
Now we're in a reservoir of dogs crossfire
with Ron Jeremy and Rachel Maddow.
Anyways, that's the danger of opening your show with rapping.
But I've found that opening the show with a little freestyle
gets my energy up.
It's a classic improv.
It would be the sound of thunderous applause.
Do you have a burp in the chamber right now, Dan?
Can you do a word burp?
Yes.
Well, there it goes.
Because Church and I do a lot of word burping.
And we try to get Steve Agee to do a thing where he just burps
words.
And it's hard to do multi-syllabic word burps.
And one burp, I want it.
If you can pull this off, you'll be my hero.
If you can word burp, White House AIDS.
I have to swallow air.
White House AIDS.
No.
AIDS had a little bit of vomit drop coming up on it.
Yeah, I haven't done that in a while.
Just once can someone burp women's rights.
For God's sake.
Try to burp women's rights.
Well, how have you guys been?
We had a Thanksgiving weekend.
What did you guys do?
Let's start with Spencer.
I went to Dino's.
Yeah, it was good.
I wanted to make a recipe to bring there.
But then I decided to just bring Coke, not the drug, the drink.
And it went over really well.
People were like, man, I love this party.
But the only thing to drink is hard liquor and wine.
And then I was like, I got you.
And then people were digging it.
And I was like, yeah, this is the right move.
He made a lot of good food.
It was good.
There wasn't a lot of crazy people there,
which there are occasionally.
So it was a real fun time.
What do you feel about his garlic levels as a chef?
They're high, but that's what I like.
I'd say the garlic levels in the Thanksgiving dinner
were lower than normal.
Dino usually makes Greek food to go with the Thanksgiving
food.
So he'll make a turkey.
And then he'll make some crazy beef stew stuff.
And he didn't really have any of that.
It was just traditional Thanksgiving stuff,
which I was thankful for.
I mean, I like Greek food, but Thanksgiving.
Yeah.
Dan?
Jeffrey?
Yeah, let's go to you.
Oh, me?
I went to Florida with Cody and visited with my parents,
which is I haven't been down to Florida in a long time
to visit the parents.
And our main activity was Balderdash, which is like,
my family is like, we walk a razor's edge as a tribe.
Like, we're not, we don't have unconditional love.
Like, love is, in the Harmon family,
it's a loose knit alliance of nefarious bounty hunters who
are all just trying to make sure that the galaxy doesn't
get plunged into war.
But it's, and so if you break out monopoly or trivial pursuit,
you could be asking for trouble.
How big was the squad?
It was you and Cody and the parents?
Just the four of us.
Really?
Yeah.
And but Balderdash, I've found for my family,
is this just amazing.
It's every man for himself.
No, that's an outdated expression, sorry.
Two of them were women that were out for themselves.
Ladies, be out for yourselves.
Thank God they finally got that message
from someone they could trust.
But Balderdash is like, there's no teams.
And there's also, any time pressure is self-imposed.
We decided after a while, let's take no longer than two minutes
to write an answer.
Refresh my memory.
Balderdash is what you lie about a thing.
You have to figure out who's telling the truth.
Do they give you one real definition?
Or you've got to, there's a word and you
have to guess the definition.
Well, I think I can, just knowing what Jeff knows,
I think I can explain it fast to him
by saying it's basically the Leonard Malton movie guide
game.
But there's five more categories than movies.
And you can just, the way we play it,
you can just pick movies.
So it could be a definition of a word.
Right.
So there's acronyms.
So there'll just be a jumble of letters.
That's my least favorite one, because I feel like I'm doing
homework.
I just feel like I'm not, it's not about creativity.
It's just like I-H-C. And then the people just
write, International Housing Committee of, you know,
I hate tarp.
And the cool thing, the genius of Balderdash,
as far as the actual publishers of the game,
what they really did write, in my opinion, is they clearly,
there's real answers.
There's one real answer on the, you know, I-H-C
does stand for something in the real world out there
somewhere.
But also, there's all these movies that no one's ever seen.
So the title will be like, Blue Marble Babies.
And there's some movie out there called Blue Marble Babies.
You don't know if it's like Dollywood or Bollywood.
Or Dollywood.
But maybe, I think they've started to greenlight
more projects this fiscal quarter.
We're pulling for Dollywood.
I don't know if they're going to catch up to Bollywood.
But you don't know where it's from.
You just know that there is a movie out there called
The Blue Marble Babies.
The genius of the Balderdash publishers
is that whoever they had write the real answer, which might be,
it's a log line for the movie Blue Marble Babies.
And then they have the people that write them,
they write them in kind of a fucking Schrab.
Schrab.is here.
Yeah.
I let him in.
Hello, Rob.
Happy Thanksgiving, Rob.
Thank you.
There's no camera over here, right?
There's no churches again.
No, there's not.
You don't want to disrupt.
There's no.
This isn't about you.
Jeff, I was trying.
I couldn't find it anyway.
I was looking, though.
Maybe you will have better luck.
We were trying to find the Balder Dash game
so we could play it live on stage.
I thought it was something that we could do around tonight
to test it.
But I really actually think it'd be really funny.
I think that Benson basically plays the Lunnert
Malton movie game on his movie podcast.
Getting Doug.
No.
No, Doug loves movies.
OK.
Sorry.
I got it mixed up.
Doesn't matter.
It's a different podcast network.
We don't care if they live or die.
And to tell you the truth, if it was a choice between them dying
and us saving some bread for, I don't know,
Cameron Esposito or one of our tribe,
like what are we supposed to do, you know?
Kill or be killed in the podcast wars.
Valuable Warby Parker dollars are being battled over.
So Dan, it was you, Cody, your mom and your dad,
stuck in the confines of Florida.
And how'd it go?
It was great.
It was really great.
And my parents have a little tiny electric boat.
They live in a neighborhood of, wait, they have an electric boat?
Yeah, my parents moved, or Wisconsinites
that moved to Florida.
That's the dream of every Wisconsinite.
You don't go to California because California
has drugs, foreign people, and is going to fall into the sea.
That's what Florida is perfect for, yeah.
A drug-free, all-American, totally globally shielded,
absolutely no natural disasters imminent.
But it's all about boat culture there.
My parents moved into a little neighborhood
that's kind of upper-middle-class retirement
suburb with, although I don't know if that's true anymore,
so savior flame wars when you fact-check this.
But there's canals.
There's neighborhoods of Florida where everyone has
a canal in their backyard instead of an alley,
where you'd have an alley because you're
a dirty, urban, horrible break dancer.
You have streets.
I've been accused of that before.
And then the non-address facing conduit is an alley.
Only instead of crackpipes, there's manatee.
How do we play Balder Dash live right now?
We would have to find a Balder Dash set of cards.
Just any card from any Balder Dash
or just a movie title.
If you at home have one, take a picture of it
and send it to the Harmontown Twitter.
We can play it.
We'll play it with our guest when he's like,
we can try to figure it out.
Let's make an action item, OK?
If somebody out there in our crowdsourcing community
can isolate, let's say, a Balder Dash
card such that we can see a question side
and an answer side for it.
Only we can see it, but the crowd can't see it?
No, the crowd can see it.
We won't be able to see it.
I got you.
So I would say let's just make that an action item
and then maybe our crew can, if somebody like,
because otherwise I'll just be talking about it all night.
Well, OK, let's put that out into the ether.
But how did you get along with your mom and dad?
How did that all go down?
Was it healing?
I wouldn't say it was healing, but I would say it was triumphant.
We didn't really fight that much.
Like, I had one flare up with my mom at a restaurant dinner.
And then I, like, steamed and, you know, stewed and, like,
I didn't, we kind of, that night got lost.
Like, we didn't, we, like, went to dinner.
And then following that dinner, I went back to the hotel.
And I just kind of fumed into a drink at the hotel bar
and had Cody, you know, there as my partner.
But, like, she wasn't, like, taking sides or anything.
So it was just, like, I needed, I needed space.
I needed time.
And then the next morning, it's fine.
You know, who wants to keep fighting?
Nobody does.
Did Cody enjoy your parents?
Yeah, she loves them.
And vice versa.
She, yeah, she thinks they're great.
She comes from a family where it's like,
Cody has a childhood memory of, or that her,
it's this thing that her mom would do regularly.
When Cody would take a bath, her mom,
Randy Heller, Mama LaRusso from the Karate Kid,
says not why she's a valuable mother at all.
But it arguably gets in the way of a conditional love
to have a professional actor as a mother.
It doesn't hurt to know that your mom was in Karate Kid.
Doesn't hurt me.
I mean, I have become functionally a step Karate Kid.
You don't, you don't, make no mistake about it.
This is part of the package for me.
I didn't learn unconditional love.
I'm motivated by other things.
I love Cody.
Part of what I love about Cody is that I get to be a step
Karate Kid.
Anyways.
But no.
She was also Rizzo on Broadway in Greece, wasn't she?
Yeah, she was also, I didn't, I, her,
she was, most people recognize her on the street
when that happens as her character that she played
a madman, she was Don Draper's secretary for a season.
Shit.
This show isn't about fucking Randy Heller, all right?
It could be.
She's got enough attention.
But she was also a loving mother.
And what she would do, like, Cody has this, like,
it's not even a story, it's not an anecdote,
it's a tradition that her mom had with Cody.
Cody would take a bath.
And then after the bath was done,
Cody would get out of the bath, her mom would,
would wrap her up in a big towel and then wrap her up
in a big blanket, like a comforter.
And then her, and her mom would start dragging her
around the house inside the comforter saying,
I got a wild fish here, I got a wild fish.
And she would do this elaborate, like,
radio play for baby Cody, who was, like,
just cocooned in this comforter, being dragged around,
hardwood floors, around an apartment.
And while her mom pretended that she was passing
various checkpoints and lying about whether she
had a wild fish with her, so she would do different voices.
No, sir, I don't have any wildlife or agriculture
in my comforter, I just, just a bag and, like,
trying to keep her quiet, keep her from giggling.
Look, this isn't about, let's bag on the Harmons,
this is about contrast.
My memories are the water would get cold after a while
and I would find my way out and go roll in pine needles.
All right, they're important.
So what age did I stop bathing?
No.
I don't know, when was my first bath?
So what age did Cody's mom do the wild fish thing?
Like 15.
27, yeah.
We did it together, she handed it,
it was like a passing of the baton.
I don't know, I don't know that answer.
You and your mom and your dad didn't
have any kind of heritage like that?
Like you didn't have special little fun games?
Hmm, I can't, no.
Rob Sharpe just yelled out Tiki, which was a nickname
that I had.
Tiki?
Yeah, I don't know.
Why Tiki?
It was a favorite childhood story of mine, Tiki, Tiki,
Timbo.
Oh, man.
God damn it.
We heard about that on Whiting Longs,
the Thanksgiving special.
Oh, yeah.
Which you can check out on iTunes.
Yeah.
I feel like we should bring Rob Sharpe up on stage right now.
Well, we also have an important guest.
It's been a long time coming, because remember,
since the election, my goal has been to,
because I don't know what I'm doing, and I have a forum.
And I immediately had reactions that were both predictable,
unhelpful, and ultimately unguiding.
I got mad at everybody and bought a gun,
and have since basically been trying
to focus on quitting all my jobs and building a Batcave
with a crossbow aimed at the door.
But in the meantime, I've wanted to use my platform,
if I could, to signal boost the whole spectrum.
The only step I've taken was we flew Gotham Girl out
from New York, and she, I think, I don't know
if she would want to be called.
I don't know what label she'd want to be called.
She calls herself an Eleanor Democrat in her bio.
She talked about, you know, it's important.
It was important to hear from an intelligent person's
perspective, like, basically, don't give up on what we would
call the old Democratic Party.
You know, let's hack it the way that the Nazis have hacked
the right wing, the Republican Party.
I mean, they infiltrated it, took it over,
and now the word Republican means I want to win.
It didn't mean much before that, but it's like,
and I think the idea is, like, come on,
we can still use this shell of a Democratic Party, hack it,
drive it from the inside, because it has the numbers
and the systemic advantage that it's the only thing that
can rock and sock them, that robot.
So now let's hear, maybe, I would assume,
maybe another perspective, but I want to definitely
be clear that this, we wanted to have somebody from the DSA
on, the Democratic Socialists of America,
and, but we, this is a guy who's a member of them.
He's not a, he doesn't represent them as a leader
or anything, he's not a spokesman.
He's already, we'll talk about how he's already,
he resigned from his position as an official spokesman
because of a little, like, a little gridlock,
little cultural gridlock, comedic cultural gridlock
that happened where he did the smart thing
and, like, backed out as being a representative.
So, but, what he is, is a guy who understands
that perspective, which I think is different
from the other one that we've gotten.
And we tried, we tried to get the official spokesperson
officially sanctioned by a local chapter of the DSA,
and we tried for multiple months,
I want to say four or five in total,
and then we took matters into our own hands
and just were like, hey, this guy,
I think he knows something, let's get him.
Like the socialist activists that we are,
we took matters in our own hands.
But I don't know whose fault that is.
That could be-
It's their fault, and if they want to be taken seriously
as a political group, they should get on their shit.
Do we know for sure that Levy isn't secretly-
I'm going to take that stand.
Well, I'll take that stand and I'll take the stand
that Steve has been cock-blocking them from day one
as the alt-right subversive insurgent that he is.
Okay, good.
Well, let's bring up our new friend, Josh Androwski.
Oh, yeah.
He's got two cans.
Hi.
Hello, Josh.
How are you?
Good to see you.
Now I feel bad I didn't shake Spencer's hand.
You got some lacrosse there?
Yeah, I do.
I guess to me, we are.
Yeah.
You came up double fisting some lacrosse.
I quit drinking, and I know this podcast well enough
to know that there would be no non-alcoholic beverages.
Right, just like Dino's party.
It's taking matters into your own hands.
Spencer did the, I don't know if he did it out of fashion
or climate control, but you walked in
and you were wearing the same shirt.
Socialists prove that white people do have culture.
I thought you were just going to say socialist dressed
like Spencer.
Yeah, no, we do.
We all like.
That's the subtext.
So people can Google and they can Wikipedia and stuff.
I Wikipediaed and Googled for the 11-minute drive
from Los Feliz to Burbank.
Here's what you can learn by reading and scrolling.
The DSA was once a part of the IS, the International
Socialist, or Socialist International
SI, Sports Illustrated.
They were both Sports Illustrated.
Our swimsuit issue was really revolutionary.
We had one swimsuit for all the models.
It was Betty Friedan wearing a burka.
Yeah, it was.
They're all wearing gas masks.
It was Frida Kahlo designed it.
It was incredible.
But there was a split in 82.
We now call the DSA voted to extricate themselves
from the larger global socialists.
Basically, none of that shit matters at all.
The history and what I mean to say is, I don't know.
Oh, OK.
Because the DSA fundamentally transformed
during the last election.
Right, it's now what it is.
But it's important to note, for instance,
that it's not a political party, right?
No.
You don't have a candidate.
Right, so we're not a political party in the sense
that we're not going to fall.
And hopefully, this is what people have worked towards.
And my friends and myself have worked towards.
We don't want to fall into the trapping of the Green Party,
where you just every four years trot out somebody that
is like whatever, just a person, good or bad.
And then it's like every four years, you're like, hey,
let's change everything from the president down.
Because nobody knows who the fuck we are.
Exactly.
Well, also, it just falls apart.
Like, you just can't.
If we have a problem with the way the system has been run,
part of the problem is that there's just some knucklehead
who supposedly is supposed to not offend everybody every minute
of every day.
And supposedly that the president,
I think Donald Trump has proven more than anything
that the president doesn't really do that much,
that the president is more of a figurehead right now.
He certainly can't.
What we do know about that office
is that you can't blow up the world from it
within less than a year.
Right, which like.
Makes it relatively less powerful than, let's say,
the head of Al-Qaeda.
Yeah, or a general, like an unelected person
in our government.
And so what we have done as far as the idea of like,
are we a political party or not, in local elections,
that's where we're focusing.
We truly think, you were talking about how it's like the big
robot fight, like the Pacific Rim between the Democrats
and the Republicans or whatever.
We're the little land speeders tying their likes together,
you know?
Like, if.
Yes.
This is Rob Schrab.
Snow speeder.
We're the little snow speeders, fuck.
I ruined it.
Nobody likes the GSA anymore, because I
fucked up a Star Wars reference.
This is bad.
No, no, I don't think that's what.
Oh, you said, oh, he said land speeders and you're correcting him.
Wow, I'm catching up.
Jesus Christ.
Schrab, by the way, is that little black box
that Chewbacca scared on the Death Star?
Only there's no Chewbacca's here.
What was the whole Death Star out of the black box?
What was the name of that little droid?
I'm guessing you're asking, because you know.
I don't know.
Oh.
Oh, wow.
It's 4, 20, 69.
4, 20, 69, but I can never forget.
All right, but yeah, but that's important to know,
because right away, to me, it's like, because I mean,
you backed, I'm saying you, like you're this whole group,
but you pick a candidate in these big fights.
Sure, well, traditionally no, but in this last election,
yes, with Bernie, because Bernie was the only candidate that
was left of the centrist opinion who actually had a shot.
And so I wasn't with them during that period,
but I know that they were like, hey, let's backburn.
But for me, and the way that I got into the DSA
is I was sick and tired.
I was always the guy when the bad shit would happen,
that I would be the first guy out to protest.
I would be the first person out to do a benefit show
about the bad thing.
And I was sick and tired of reacting to all the bad shit.
And I was like, well, how do you stop the bad shit
from happening?
And I thought, I'm one guy.
I'm not a billionaire.
And I'm not like Timothy Comcast with access
to all the resources in the world.
That little prick.
Yeah, fucking Timothy Comcast.
Has not earned his position as CEO of Comcast at all.
Obviously.
Clearly nepotism.
Oh, clearly.
I mean, there's no way that's a coincidence.
No.
No, I know he says he spells it with a K,
but we all know he's fucking talking.
He looks just like his dad.
He's got the antenna and the blinking light on his forehead.
Yeah.
So I saw that the DSA was doing stuff locally.
And the idea that we all fight in all these similar battles.
Everybody's fighting for better housing,
for better medicine to treat oppressed groups,
like human beings.
We all have these fights locally within our own communities.
And so if every city bands together
and topples their local Trump, then that
will lead to a domino effect.
Because there's Trumps everywhere.
And oftentimes, they're way funnier and crazier
than the actual Trump.
Because they don't think anyone's looking at them.
And so it's all about.
That's like probably local wrestling franchises
are like way more crazy than WCW or whatever.
Yeah, like the ECW, where they were just.
Is that guy really staring to the sun, man?
Is that guy dancing queen?
He's the Abba-themed wrestler?
The outlet forker.
This seems irresponsible.
But that's District 12.
Watch out for running with scissors, man.
Hey, kids, running out there.
Grab those scissors.
Left-handed, right-handed.
Run with them.
You've got to run free.
Don't let people make you walk with scissors.
You've got to stare in the sun.
You've got to put those scissors in an outlet.
Hua!
And his catchphrase is Hua?
That's actually his entire catchphrase.
He says that every time.
Well, he's army.
Yeah, or he's scent of a woman derivative.
Yeah, it is Pacino.
That's Pacino's latest role as running with scissors.
Man, he has just become a caricature of himself.
Oh, god.
Oh, Hua.
Diggity dog.
I don't know. Just want to talk.
Diggity dog?
Yeah, I don't know.
Did he say that in dog day afternoon?
Yeah, probably.
Diggity dog.
I want my ransom.
I want my trans lover.
I want to talk to a negotiator.
Diggity dog.
Dog day.
We've got a dog day here.
Hot cha cha cha.
Dog deletion.
I told you about the time I peed next to him at the restaurant.
And he had headphones on.
And he was, I think, learning lions.
I peeing next to a chain.
He's like, hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu.
As it's coming out, is that the reaction to the,
was it a good peeing?
I think he was learning lions.
He had little earbuds in.
And he, I don't know.
This is part of the explanation for what Pacino became
as an icon, like it's that he started
running lions at the urinals.
So he's suffering from piss shiver
while he's committing these lines.
Like he, you know, it's funny you mentioned that, Dan,
tonight's show has been brought to you by piss shiver.
Piss shiver.
Is your body filled with the warmth
of having body temperature urine in its bladder?
As it rapidly exits, don't just shiver.
Piss shiver when you're at the urinal
and can't explain why you're suddenly shuddering.
Hey, look down here.
It's me.
Your dick.
I sure have been shivering a lot while I've been pissing.
You know, I ain't just an enlarged form of clitoris
that was mutated when your species decided
to become sexually reproductive instead of asexual.
That was just a thank you, ladies.
Can we?
Is there a way to reverse angle on Rob Schrab
with his feet on the stage?
He's so clearly.
You look like you're about to rap battle at an office.
Well, why don't we bring him up now that we're comfortable
and you're not?
Do we have enough mics?
It doesn't look like there's any.
Oh, I didn't see that one.
Sorry, everybody.
Rob Schrab to the stage.
We can't control you.
You can't control us.
Look, largely lifting himself from the seat.
He sits and pulls his legs up on the stage.
Yeah!
Sauntering to the chair.
He gestures lazily at the microphone and cup.
Hello?
He stands.
Hi, Rob.
Hi.
How are you?
I'm OK.
What are you up to, Rob?
How was your Thanksgiving?
It was good.
I went to Topanga and spent it with Kate's parents and family.
Did they enjoy you?
I think so.
Did they like their Rob Schrab?
I was cutting it up during dinner.
Do you remember any bone mozz that you fucking threw out?
Bone mozz.
Top three bone mozz.
Bone mozz?
Number one.
Number three.
Bone mozz.
I don't know what that word is.
And any zinger.
I still don't know.
It doesn't matter how you pronounce it.
Any fun little sugar coated fucking zinger.
I don't really remember.
I was just a lot of just me being an idiot.
I don't really have any.
What's your secret, Rob?
Would you go into a room?
I just say things.
That's mine.
When you're in a room full of strangers,
if you could give people out there any advice,
what would be your advice to somebody
going into a room full of strangers
and how to win them over?
Oh, god.
I don't know.
In a social or a professional setting?
Let's just say at a social setting, like Thanksgiving.
I don't know how I would.
I don't think I've ever won anybody over.
Well, I'll take some time with that question.
And then the format of the show will
swivel back over to talking about the DSA.
And then when we come back to Schrab,
we're going to learn his secret for when he enters a room.
We're going to find out your secret.
I don't want to monetize it, dude.
Just think about it for what?
He doesn't have to monetize it.
He just has to win.
Just think about it for five minutes.
I'm going to talk to Josh Andraski from the DSA.
And then you think about your secret, Rob.
Your secret.
I'm not making this to hear.
Everybody wants to listen to me be a fake interviewer
or know about power.
I'm saying, let's blend this.
This is good.
It's like a parfait.
So just think about the answer to that question.
What's your secret?
Josh, we can't really talk about the Democratic Party
or the remnants thereof without talking about this new word
that I learned, neoliberalism.
Ah, yes, neoliberalism.
Neoliberalism is basically socially liberal but not
but fiscally conservative.
And as somebody who's generally corporate.
Right.
And I forget who tweeted this.
It's one of my favorite tweets.
I'm socially liberal but fiscally conservative.
I hate the problems, but I love their causes.
And that's really what it is.
And somebody else tweeted, the platonic ideal of neoliberalism
is to have racial and gender balance
on the board of a drone company.
Right.
It's like this hollow identity politics, something
like Los Angeles' district attorney is a woman of color.
And you think that's a victory to have a black woman in such
like a big position of power.
And it is.
However, she has not persecuted any murderous policeman
in her entire tenure.
And so something like that would be an example
of that's probably neoliberalism in action.
It's somebody who doesn't want to upset the status quo,
who still wants the ultra-wealthy to be as rich as possible
and the rest of us to be fighting for crumbs.
But it's the thing that was working yesterday,
which I have found in my exploration of white fragility.
I went and bought a gun.
That's a classic neoliberal move, I would say.
I mean, it's just a classic white dude move.
That's a classic scared white guy move is to buy.
It's the scared white guy move.
And my therapist would say, who's the gun for?
But she's my therapist, so I didn't realize until 10 minutes
in the conversation, she's asking, is it for you?
Because Hunter S. Thompson bought one at one point,
didn't buy it for himself.
And I would like thank you for that equation.
And he's famous.
More important.
Blowing his brains out and letting his daughter find them.
Great suicide note, though.
Football season's over.
But it was because it was the appeal, the billboard,
for neoliberalism now.
I think I've been a spokesman for it in my behavior.
And if I just put my thumb in my mouth
and just say what I'm really feeling
without Kool-Aid plunging into some cause that's
going to not benefit me, ultimately,
or in any immediate way that I can feel,
if I just follow my comfort, I am a neoliberal.
I want my Obama back.
Right.
And that is something that people need to.
I want you to have committed more to your Obama back.
Well, there's an extra syllable in there.
I want my Obama back, Obama back, Obama back, Obama back.
There's got to be.
Somebody has done that.
Come on.
Technocratic, bureaucratic, Obama back.
It's like the West Wing was real.
It's not a thing, because then there's
ribs and then that's an unfortunate cultural connotation
that we don't want to step into.
But you did a really good job of avoiding it
until you mentioned that you avoided it.
Right.
I know.
Well, that's me.
That's classic Harmon.
Hey, everybody, look.
I'm not racist, because I wasn't thinking about this.
Schrab, all right.
What's your secret?
No excuse.
How are you cutting it up?
How am I cutting it up?
I don't know.
I was just being an idiot.
There was two children there and there at that age
that they just are laughing at any attention.
I think like four and six.
Those are good social ages.
I like the fours and the sixes.
Yeah, I guess.
Yeah, I'm just goofing off.
Because they're verbal, but they're inquisitive,
and if you talk to them like a grownup, they're pretty fun.
Yeah.
Not to pry.
This could go into personal stuff with you and Kate,
who I married.
You married Kate?
I officiated your marriage to her.
You guys had no plans to have children,
which is why you didn't bother getting married.
I was the MC at that wedding.
Is there any change there?
Is there any capacity for change?
Do the two of you ever talk about it?
No.
You've just resolved no kids, like you're both totally.
I think it's come up.
Kate just is not interested, and I'm fine with that.
I don't really.
There's other people's kids.
Yeah, I mean, there's other people's kids.
My biggest thing about children is parents.
What happens to, do you have kids?
Am I insulting you?
No.
OK, I'm sorry.
Yeah, no, I do not have kids.
OK, so I see what happens to people when they become parents.
And it's something that's great for them.
Even the coolest parents in the world,
and I think I have seen them like I've really.
The cool parents are the worst.
Well, they're not the worst, but well, because I.
No, they're the worst.
Well, there's things that it heightens.
The actual cool parents who are people who are like, wow,
well, that's as good as you're going to get as far as parenting.
I still recognize the parenting has subsumed their identity.
But that's it.
I mean, the thing like, first of all,
I'll put my dog up against any baby any day.
Any day.
Well, that's a biological killing machine.
I want to see this.
That's not a fair fight.
No, no, no, no.
Your dog could kill more people.
Not a fight.
I'll put my dog up against a baby.
Just like, what are you going to do?
Also, people don't know that.
More durable than your baby.
Rob Schrab runs a baby dog fight ring out of his fucking
apartment.
It's not at all what I was saying, but sure.
So where are these fights if we wanted to buy tickets?
Like I just said, when you interrupted me,
that's not what I meant.
How do you get baby blood out of a carpet?
I didn't mean that.
Well, club soda.
Comparing my dog to a baby.
Yes, OK, so finish that thought.
Like a dog is my dog.
You could experience it.
Not a dog.
My dog.
You can experience loving him.
Your dog, the notorious baby killer.
Like I just said, that's not what I meant.
All right.
Well, all right, swiveling back over.
Josh, we can't run.
And that's how I charm a new group of people.
I want to talk about the classic thing.
But for kids, maybe it's not classic.
Like Marxism versus Communism versus Socialism.
Marx versus, like, I just found out
about this guy, Michael Harrington, who's like that was,
he's dead, right?
Yeah, I guess.
But he was an author, activist, whatever.
He's sort of the, maybe the, could we say,
the Chomsky of the DSA or something?
I don't know.
Again, like he's a guy who I personally haven't really.
And this is like the thing that I love about the DSA
is I dropped out of high school.
I have never read Marx.
I think that socialism is as a concept.
It's mostly the liberation of your own body
from, like, a corporate overlord.
It's basically the idea of putting the capital,
putting the means of production, which is specifically
what Marx talked about.
I've read quotes, specifically, like.
You got the Snapple, the limited edition Marx-Snapple.
Yeah, which is weird that his state
agreed to any sort of commodification.
Yeah, believe it or not.
I think you had a lot to do with old world blue blood
relationships.
The futures.
The Snapple fortune was, you know,
the Marx chewing gum company, which is something
they've buried in the history books.
Yeah, they don't talk about that.
They're both Procter and Gamble.
So, but anyways, but Marx is like, I'm with you.
I have no research.
I'm 11 minutes of Wikipedia.
The reason I bring this stuff up is because, for instance,
your average 16-year-old kid right now, who, for better
or for worse, is waiting in the same swimming pool
that we all are, I'm getting in fights on the reg fam
with people who they can, they could be children.
They could be 40 years older than me.
They could be any of those things and be totally,
but we're all splashing around in the same pool.
And that's a distinct advantage to people
who are driven by competition and individualism.
And I'll say it, hatred, because you can say, for instance,
if I were to say, I'm having the DSA on my show tomorrow
night, someone might say, for instance, I don't know.
Oh, yeah, great.
You guys think Nazis are responsible for all these deaths
that you faked, but communism has been responsible
for over 80 billion deaths in the last 120 years, blah,
blah, blah, because they want to label and they want to.
And this is the thing that I would say,
like, if there's anything that I've learned,
it's get off the fucking internet.
Stop your book clubs are fine.
Like, you can read Marx and talk about whatever.
But I learned everything I know about politics,
about socialism, about the thing that radicalized me
was going and meeting people, hearing people,
hearing people that work for teachers unions,
hearing some intellectuals that work as professors
or whatever, just rank and file union folks and nurses
and this and that, and talking to all these people
and watching the action and participating in an action.
That's what teaches me.
And to me specifically, I think that we as socialists,
we as leftists need to remove ourselves
from the world of academia, because I think
that that was purposefully done.
That was sort of a move like, oh, let's get them all
in their little bubbles, their little coastal bubbles
where they just sit and they wear glasses
and they look like their bones are going to break
if they wear a sweater and they fucking talk and talk and talk
and they just want to jerk off over which dead Russian dude
like they liked the most.
Right.
And real.
Playing philosophical chess on a daytime talk show.
Sports.
It's the same fucking thing.
It's who's your team, who's this?
And a lot of politics, not just like leftist politics,
a lot of like national politics is just sports as well.
But when you actually get offline and get out of the
university and go onto the streets and start talking
about people and trying to help them like, you know,
DSA right now, for example, like doing an action
like this will teach you more, I think, personally
about socialism than reading anything.
They're putting on a taillight benefit.
DSA Los Angeles is doing this inspired by DSA New Orleans.
So the thought was people of color, migrant workers,
you know, just undocumented folks,
they are getting pulled over and they are being thrown
into the carceral state.
They're being thrown into, you know, if you're undocumented,
you're being thrown into a private prison
where they hold immigrants.
It's not like they go to a radison.
They go to a private prison.
Or if you're just a fucking black dude,
you're going to get fucked with by the cops
because the police is inherently a racist system.
And so what we're doing is we are for free
providing break lights.
If your break lights out, that's most likely
what's going to get you pulled over.
Right, and then they can search your car and stuff
because you look not white.
Right, exactly.
And it could and likely often does end up
with some unarmed person being shot.
And so if we, if that is a concept that's like borrowed
from the black panthers known as like mutual aid,
we help them, but they also help us
because we have now ingrained ourselves
in the community more.
And so we can like get more people
to go do more cool shit like that.
It's like, oh, who's this fucking dude
that just gave me a free break light?
Right, no, we promise we're not asking you for anything.
Like, we don't want your Facebook login.
We don't want any of that shit.
If you do that 100 times, then, so turning your money
into shit that actually translates with the most
fidelity into changing an individual life.
Absolutely, and it's not shared.
How do you do that?
How do you just distribute the, I mean, that's awesome.
Right, so for what we have, if you go to dsa-la.org
and you look and you click on the tail light benefit page,
there is a Kickstarter type thing.
It's within our chapters, like a fundraising thing.
And so far, we've raised over $1,000.
And then what happens is we just ask around to friends
who know mechanics.
We've reached out to high schools that have shop classes.
We're looking for a venue now, a large parking lot.
The school would be rad because ice
can't come on school property.
And so what we do is we then talk to our friends
and say, hey, who knows how to change a break light?
Then they run a training for the interested volunteers.
So now our volunteers know how to fix their own cars,
and then they go help fix other people's cars
and then just talk to them.
Nice, yeah.
That's appealing to a guy like me because I'm like, oh, shit.
No, I feel a little more macho because I'm
dealing in break lights now.
Right.
You use your hands to help your community.
Speaking of which, not to put you on the spot,
but a guy like me.
So classically fragile, neoliberal,
maybe philosophically progressive, no research,
total comfort zone, five bedroom house,
just want everything to go back to the way it was,
shuddering at night, fearing not being
able to protect my girlfriend from any form of economic
destabilization in any manifestation thereof,
just want my comfort back.
I felt like I was playing the game right, blah, blah, blah.
You can read it all in my pamphlet.
You get the picture with me.
Whether it's the famous version of me,
but also I'm selfishly asking, what are more like you're
directing me to that website in this case,
but what are little pieces of candy you can hand out?
Once I get it on my tongue, at no risk to my own comfort,
that when I taste it, it'll start happening for me.
This is a thing that we talk about a lot,
that our health care committee, and a lot of people
working nationally in the health care committee talk about,
is the difference between selfishness, selflessness,
and self-interest.
These are three different things.
Selfishness is, hey, I got all this money.
I don't want it to go to anybody.
No taxes, whatever.
And pure greed.
Or conversely, I broke my leg.
I need Medicare for all because my leg is broken.
Selflessness is, I'm a perfectly healthy person.
I don't need anything.
I'll never be sick because I'm in shape.
Take my bone marrow.
I've got extra marrow.
Right, and you're doing this for somebody else
and not for you at all.
Self-interest is, how can I help everybody else out,
while also helping myself out?
Because we're all in this together.
And so that's the tone that we're aiming for when we talk to people.
You guys like that third one, right?
Yes.
OK, could.
Because that really sounds good.
Because it's you and everyone else.
Your little dance that you did.
Well, because it's like, there is room in the world
for people under an actual form of democratic socialism.
Tell me yes or no.
I think the big root fear for, I would say especially,
but definitely including poor people,
is, hey, wait, I don't want the rules to monopoly
to be that you can't have more money than someone else.
Right, and see, this is a thing that
is a very successful propaganda campaign.
It's conflating communism and socialism, essentially, right?
Yes, and democratic socialism specifically
is not like a state, like it's not
like this big state power or whatever.
Roads in Medicare are socialist.
Then they exist in it.
Social security is socialist.
So it exists today.
Absolutely.
It's not communism.
Probably the most famous form of socialism
is social security.
And what it is, is it's not only a thing that benefits people
from people that already have too much, where it's like,
this is fair.
We all agree that everybody knows
that the people at the top aren't paying enough.
And so we all can agree that, OK, they just
get paid a little bit, or they pay a little bit more
into taxes.
And then literally, we all have health care.
We all have access to a doctor.
It's that easy.
And what we want more is a co-op,
where you're a worker, you own your company.
You're a shareholder.
There's not a room full of faceless number
men in gray, smoky suits with fucking guns to a dog's head.
And all the profits go to them.
And stockholders.
Yeah, the shareholders.
Right, with their interests.
And so a good example of this is another thing
that we're doing with the DSA right now,
which is we are trying to help Los Angeles create
a public bank.
Not for you and me to go to the ATM,
but when you think about it, Los Angeles
has something like $8 billion in 700 bank accounts
all at Wells Fargo at that one bank.
And that $8 billion is everything
from your electric bill payments to your taxes, to fees,
to 401k plans for city clerks.
When that money is in Wells Fargo,
Wells Fargo, then through loans, and dividends,
and investments, and whatnot, they
spread that money to Philip Morris.
They spread that money to weapons companies, and so.
Keystone Pipeline.
Exactly, yes, that's one of the big ones.
What's the phrase for this again?
I saw Sarah Silverman talking about it.
Divest.
Divestment.
And so a lot of people, Sarah Silverman, being one of them,
myself included, have divested our personal money
from big Wall Street banks and put them into credit unions.
But now what we're asking is for cities, for municipalities,
because you and me, and we do like this,
it's a drop in the bucket, but $8 billion
that is not going to get invested in horrible fossil
fuels or private prisons is a big chunk of change
to get out of Wall Street's hands.
You were talking about that.
This idea that local politics started
to get subsumed by the banking industry.
I'll be talking out of my ass.
There's this YouTube documentary you
can watch called Hyper Normalization, which
is very scary.
It's great.
One of the things it talked about
is there is this huge change where
the bankers who were de facto funding everything
on the government's behalf because banks
have stand to gain from being in the business of government,
they're like, yeah, let's go along.
We'll give you the loan.
You can make this building.
We'll make City Hall.
We're working together as a team.
They went from that to saying, wait a second.
We have all the money.
Fuck you guys.
Do everything we say, because we're
a private corporation that now holds the purse strings
for the government.
And when that fundamental power shift changed,
kind of everything got ruined and fucked.
So it sounds like this is kind of a reversal.
It's de-fanging the power that private finance
has over the government, which shouldn't
be in the business of private finance.
It should be in the business of aiding people.
Right, exactly.
And so when your electric bill is sitting at Wells Fargo,
Wells Fargo is making, if you pay your electric bill
with a credit card, Wells Fargo gets a fee.
And that's just coming right off the top from the city money.
Not going to the government.
Yeah, it doesn't go to the government.
It doesn't go to make your roads better or your schools better.
It goes into some fucking cokehead's pocket.
And so what we want is to create a municipal bank where
then all of this money is housed in an institution
that's central motive isn't profit.
It's central motive is, hey, this is city public money.
It's your money.
It's my money.
It's all of our money.
It should stay in Los Angeles.
And beyond that, we should open it up
so that people historically that have had a hard time getting
loans can get loans.
We can use this money like if it's
Runwell, which banks happen to be Runwell when it comes
to collecting a profit at the end of the year,
instead of that profit going to bankers,
that profit can go into housing or schools and the like.
The theory behind the American dream
is that money is the great equalizer,
that it is somehow a supreme kind of metaphor of democracy
that doesn't have to happen every four years pulling a lever,
that you can work hard and work so hard that love your children
so much, love your family so much,
that you can chisel away at so much fucking coal in a mine,
while your coal mining colleague is like, eh, you know,
I love mining coal.
But I'm going to go home and fucking chill.
I can't wait to get off of work.
And I figured out a way to mine coal.
But that if you, for whatever reason,
put yourself up by your own stress,
that you're like, god damn it, I'm
fucking going to mine so much fucking coal,
and that somehow that represents some kind of egress,
that you can become a capitalist,
that you can become, that you can, you can,
and that, there are people listening to that
that disagree with me politically,
but absolutely everyone agrees that that's what's for sale.
It is the, whenever anyone detracts,
so whenever someone like cries out for rights
or fair treatment, and people start coming down to them
and saying like, why don't you get a fucking job,
why don't you just work hard, what do you mean,
isn't this a slippery slope, all this stuff,
every, all of those sentiments lead back to the Rome of,
yeah, but shouldn't we just live in a society
where if you work extra hard, harder than the person
next to you, that that represents
a changed opportunity to play the monopoly game?
Right, and fundamentally it's a flawed premise
because that doesn't take into account historical context
of people of color being subjugated
and generationally not being put in a position
where they can get this job.
So that leads white people who don't know
that they have started the race at the finish line,
going like, hey, look at these people lagging in the back,
maybe if they ran faster, and the thing is,
it's not your fault if you're a white dude
that racism exists, and that's like a big problem
with a lot of people on the left
that are correctly angry but aren't trying to bring people in
and go, I don't hate every Trump voter.
I think that talking about Trump voters
as this huge amorphous blob of hate is wrong,
it's wrong-headed, it's bad.
20% I'll give, 20% of Trump voters,
irreparable racists, horrible people.
But I really truly believe that 80% of Trump voters
have a kid that's addicted to opiates
or lost their house or lost their job,
and like you said, they kept fucking working hard
and nothing happened, and so they wanted to make a change.
They just wanted to give a big fuck you
to the system that ruined their lives,
and the Democrats seeing this,
and this is why I don't think you can work
within the Democratic Party,
because ultimately, they're beholden to their donors,
but they see this, and who do they trot out
to fight this, the avatar of the status quo?
And you see it happen over and over and over again,
and the only time that it works
is if you have literally the most charismatic man
who's ever been nominated for president
to sell that bill of goods to people.
Yeah, and if that ever happened, boy, you'd know it,
because there would be this actual measurable shift
in everything from economy to society to the point,
and I'm not kissing his feet, but it's like that's,
we cannot wait for another guy that happens
to be that lightning in a jar, like.
As long as it's, I don't know,
because I think Obama as a man is a great man.
I think he as a president,
I disagreed with a lot of his decisions,
obviously compared to the other guys that sandwiched him.
He was this golden statue of pure greatness,
but when you, I think the Democrats fundamentally
don't understand how power works,
because if they did, they wouldn't have lost thousands
of state legislature seats under Obama.
How, when you have such a popular president,
can you just get fucking creamed in every local election?
And it's because the Democrats are just so top heavy.
They're this big bobblehead that is just doomed
to fall forward and not move.
Yeah, okay, yeah.
And so that's why we at the DSA,
we're not targeting even senators,
or we want state legislatures and local people.
It's the thing that we all have in common with these,
let's say these 20% of Trump voters
who actually voted on a frustration.
You can, we're cousins, all of us,
if you in your backyard have,
there's a pothole that hasn't been filled.
Right.
If by virtue of some bureaucratic absurdity,
your kid's leukemia isn't covered.
Everybody-
And bureaucratic absurdity in that case, by the way, is greed.
Right?
It's definitely greed.
And it's just that because it's just by virtue
of belt buckles and baseball caps.
And the way that we express when we aren't armed
with Noam Chomsky's vocabulary,
our frustration with a system,
some guy right next to me in terms of tax bracket
and ideology is gonna maybe say key phrases
that I have been armed to recognize as the enemy.
Well, when these guys start talking about freedom of speech,
they mean they want to be Nazis.
When these guys start talking about,
where's my gold pocket watch?
What they mean is that they want this institutionalized thing.
And then they're hearing the same thing.
And when these people talk about black lives matter,
they mean blah, blah, blah.
And it's like, I mean, we've all said it a thousand times
and it's right under our nose.
Like the divisions there are so artificially imposed.
They have to be forced.
Otherwise, if you, like these movies
where society collapses and then like within 30 years,
there's just Ivy and wolves everywhere.
Like there is constant infrastructural pressure
necessary to maintain a division
between a black person and a white person in America.
You have to wake up every morning
and make sure those two people know
that they're black and white.
And they do.
And the powers that be do that.
And you know, it starts, you go back to Howard Zinn,
who is somebody I have read a lot
and really like to find my worldview.
He talks about how after one of the first big slave rebellions
where white slaves and black slaves teamed up,
the powers that were were like, oh fuck,
if all of the poor people team up, we're fucked.
So they created the middle class.
They were like, okay, white slaves in the new world
when you guys, you guys got 20 years
and then you'll get a house and you'll get a car
and you'll get, you're not a car, but a horse,
which was, they called them cars back then.
But you get a house and a horse and fucking,
you know, 40 acres in a mule.
And that was so-
There's a horse in every pot.
A horse in every pot and a chicken under foot.
And one day the pot will have wheels, we promise.
Yeah, the wheel pot and real pot happen.
Hell yeah.
So what that does is that makes it so that,
and you're right, it is this intense artificial pressure,
but it is very specific and it is there purposefully.
And it's to keep the people that are two rungs
from the bottom of the ladder kicking down.
Just constantly kicking down.
And if we all realize that we're all being fucked
and don't try to buy into the artificial fucking separation
of who we are and allow each other to make mistakes
and whatnot, that's how the labor movement
got us a weekend.
You know, it was these, people weren't less racist
back when labor had more power in America.
People were more racist.
We get less racist every year,
but through great organizing and people that literally died
and standing up for their rights,
you saw black people, white people, men and women team up
to go, we're all getting fucked.
Some of us might be getting fucked less,
some of us might be getting fucked more,
but we're banding together because, again, self-interest.
It helps me, it helps everybody else.
We need to band together on this.
Let's check in with Rob Schrab after this beat.
Give me a beat.
And Rob, I hear you're about to grace us with some tips
on how to make your Thanksgiving more vegan-friendly.
This is how you get them.
You give them a small dose of politics, and then entertainment.
Entertainment.
Show biz.
Bring the jizz.
Stroke your dick, make a pool of semen.
Y'all know what I mean when I say millennials are gay.
Today, everybody, explore your love.
Not a hawk but a dove.
White feathers with your brothers.
Everybody's going to go into the nether in Minecraft.
Let's rap about Minecraft.
Dig a hole.
I know about that.
Craft a pickaxe and craft some more.
Then you can get more valuable, or you get a diamond,
and you make armor from that.
And then you fight the dragon, and the game ends.
But that's not, it doesn't have to.
All right, sorry.
I got excited about Minecraft.
Break.
Rap.
Church, can you do the Rihanna kind of thing?
Can you sing?
Can you just make me sing?
OK.
Just, if he wants you to improvise a chorus.
Like, if I rap and then you, and then I'll, OK.
I'm rapping.
I'm rapping real hard.
But that's only one little shard from the mirror
of society's reflection.
I fucked your mom with my erection.
Erection.
That's a hard dick.
It's a dinner.
Yo, church is on the mic.
Provided my hooks.
She's like a chef assisting a cook,
but not in a hierarchical way.
We're equal partners for equal pay, because we're socialists,
and her work should pay off.
When your kid goes in, then they make him cough,
and it turns out one of his testicles has a tumor.
It shouldn't spread like a bad rumor.
It should be surgically removed for a minimal cost
by an effectively guided society.
Yeah, yeah, I mean, yeah.
Obviously, yeah.
Choo-choo, choo-choo, choo-choo, choo-choo rapper.
Choo-choo rapper like a choo-choo train,
ripped off Mr. Show just then.
Not going to do it.
Going to shuffle to the side.
Fuck your mama till her pussy got extra wide.
Subtle jack or bust in Britain.
I don't fuck your mama if I'm spitting
and I'm chewing on tobacco.
I go somewhere else, because I have some class.
Milk.
Choo-choo, choo-choo, choo-choo.
Tastes good.
Fuck your mama like a choo-choo train.
Choo-choo, choo-choo, choo-choo.
I'm the caboose choo-choo, choo-choo.
Fuck your mama like a choo-choo train.
All aboard.
All aboard, your mama.
go across the country.
Fuck your mama so hard she looked like
a hubris home for you.
All aboard, you mama.
Ah!
Choo, choo.
Fuck your mama like a choo-choo.
Smoke stack on the tops, you and smoke.
Fuck your mama so hard, but it's not a joke.
I did it because I love her.
Fuck your mama.
Choo, choo, choo, choo.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Choo, choo, choo.
Choo, choo, choo, choo.
You're the worst.
Oh, it's great.
We're doing it.
Oh, it's really good.
It's really good.
What?
It's bad?
I fucked your mama like a choo-choo train.
All right, well, OK, thank you.
That was the exact dance Hilary did on Ellen.
It was great.
Let's hear it for church.
Yeah, thanks, church.
Here's for church.
Woo!
Where did you get that?
Wait, church, come back up here.
You guys were talking earlier about going to Thanksgiving.
I met her parents.
And her father is John Goodman from the Big Lebowski,
but kind of mellow and funny.
And he's military.
But it was cool meeting your family.
And he declared no political talk, no Trump talk,
no because he's a Trump voter, right?
Yeah.
And your mother voted Trump just no.
He doesn't know that, though.
She secretly didn't do it.
Yeah.
And he declared before Thanksgiving dinner
that there would be no politics talk.
Mostly because he knew he'd be outnumbered.
Yeah, how convenient.
He's like, no politics.
10 on 1, no fight.
Your medals, sir, for silencing discourse
during this holiday, I give you.
But in between dinner and pie, things
started to lean towards politics talk.
And I went and played Legos with the.
Because he wanted more pie.
No, I had a fair amount of pie.
He wanted a bigger piece of pie.
Yeah, Dan, it was trickle down, cool whip.
A lot of people think that if you put out more cool whip,
it'll trickle down onto more pie.
It's not true.
No, I'll eat it all.
But Church is a genius because she's like Spock.
You're a logic junkie.
And you can take your dad out.
She took him out for an hour outside, smoked cigarettes.
Or you smoked, he vaped.
And they came back in, and you had fucking.
And I had fixed him.
You had sorted him out.
Sorted him out.
Temporarily.
Wait, explain.
How tangible was this fix?
Well, most people, when they talk to my father,
and I've noticed this online, too,
and this happens with my uncle and my cousins,
is people react really emotionally to the obviously
heinous shit that they're saying, the excuses they're
making for things that are inexcusable.
And the truth is, is that everything
keeps coming back to this but Hillary argument.
And the reason is, is that all of those excuses,
all of those defending of Roy Moore's and all this crap
that's happening right now is really just
a defending of the decision they made to vote for someone
because they hate Hillary.
It's got nothing to do with him as a president
or anything that's happening.
And especially with my father being the military guy,
he's got this notion of the greater good that also
comes from a military, like, well, war is ugly
and things are terrible, and you've
got to get through it.
And you know that some things are going to be bad,
but in the long run, it's all going to be better.
And that's how he judges Roy Moore's right now.
Because it's for the greater good in his eyes,
because we had to do this because Hillary.
We were avoiding this horrible thing.
And I think that that's a lot of people and their perspective.
And they saw everybody dancing the streets about hope
and change, Obama's election, and then,
as a matter of historical economic course,
their lives didn't get better.
And so that obvious connection is made there.
Otherwise, if you're not a politician,
It's like Sarah Palin's like, how's
all that hope and changey stuff going for you?
And everyone's like, yeah, actually.
We indoctrinate everybody into this dichotomy system
where we go like, OK, here's the Rockham Robot,
here's the Sockham Robot, and then.
And I mean, this idea that we have to defend not voting
for Hillary, it's kind of like a macrocosm of saying
at the emergency room, like, now, honey, you know,
like, you made me do that.
Well, my dad literally at one point goes, well,
I didn't start it, and I was like, what are you, five?
And he starts laughing.
You know, I didn't want to do that.
What's going on right now?
Like, I'm like, you just keep saying,
you keep going back to this saying.
And at a certain point, you've got to realize, like,
that's over, that's done.
No one's trying to take away from you
your rationale for why you voted the way you did for this piece
of human garbage, because you were throwing the dice.
But now that he's president, judge him for what he's doing.
And he was like, yeah, OK, you know, you're maybe right.
And I'm like, OK, so like, if I actually understand,
and I go like, OK, I think I know why you're making arguments
that I know that you don't even believe right now.
Like, I know why you're making the excuses
that you're making right now.
It's like, I know that you don't think
that it's OK for a 32-year-old man to fuck a 14-year-old.
So why is my father saying that right now?
Oh, it's because he's defending the indefensible,
because he has an idea of some kind of greater good
and some greater battle that's happening right now.
And he's making excuses.
In his mind, I would say some of the people
who are defending Roy Moore.
Careful, he's a friend.
They might.
Big friend of the show, too.
I had no interest in defending Al Franken.
And then I read that one article that was like,
wait, if Franken gets yanked from the picture,
this is a blow against net neutrality.
And then I was like, then that, because I don't care
if a senator gets fucking hauled up
to the Robocop police station desk
and forced to fucking account for being a,
they woke up committing a crime if they're a politician.
This is America.
If you're a politician, you should already
be suspected of everything.
And you should wake up with shame,
because you're getting paid to do fucking jack shit.
You're a parasite.
Sorry, but it's a cushy gig.
You're a fucking politician.
Eat my dick.
And wake up every morning in a world
where you have to prove that you're not a criminal.
You're a politician.
But then I was like, oh shit, net neutrality.
God damn it.
Is this a goddamn conspiracy?
This Republican woman.
Wait, there's the picture of him doing the titty honk,
but his fingers aren't touching her.
You can see shadows under them.
My mom and I were bonding about this.
He's not touching.
It's a just, the only other thing is her story about tongues.
And then she got fucked up.
Anyone watching this from the outside would start to go,
what would look at me and go, boy, you Democrats,
you'll do anything to, you just love violating women.
Well, and I think that this brings up
a really valuable point of discussion
where we need to not have it in 140 characters
or we need to actually talk to each other about this shit.
But the unavoidable truth that we as people on the left
can do and should hold ourselves to a higher account
than people on the right.
And you don't see Roy Moore getting this much pressure
from the right.
And that's not good that the right's doing that.
We shouldn't, like there's no answer to this right now,
but it's something to really talk about and think about.
But again, remember, I think that it's because inherently
they're trying to defend their guy and their party right now.
And they're constantly having to do that.
So every time one of theirs goes down,
they're like, fuck, we gotta make every excuse,
we gotta find a way, they're lying or whatever it is,
we're on the left, we're going,
I'm not mad at the women who accuse Al Franken.
I'm like disappointed in Al Franken.
And I'm going like, God damn, we need you, you know,
like God, how many others might have fucked up.
But if you're really into net neutrality,
you might even be, you might even start to go
over the weekend, I started to go,
is this a conspiracy?
Right, well, it's happening though.
Which is now I'm defending a sexual,
now you're just the same,
like it's the same magical thinking.
And it's like, yeah.
Now I'm a zealot.
My guys are all infallible
because we're the guys with the white hat on
and your guys are all garbage
because they have the black hat on
because we think that good and evil
is a black and white thing.
And if you look at like the board,
if you look at the whole chess board,
the right has won all three branches of government.
The FCC is probably gonna like fucking.
Yeah, there's nothing we can do.
There's nothing we can do.
We should fight, but there's nothing we can do.
Like we should absolutely try,
but Al Franken isn't gonna change much, I think.
If you really like pull back
and look at how much power the right has.
And to your point, which is a really good point,
I think that part of this is like these people
are conditioned on all sides to come at this defensively.
Like, and that's a problem of the media.
That's a problem of online discourse.
That's a problem with the way in which we talk
about politics because we get too emotionally invested.
Well, and it's the way we talk about each other too,
because dehumanization is, I think,
at its worst point right now.
And by dehumanization, like, for me,
you know, it's all about the other, right?
And the other would be anybody who's so different
from your way of being that they are not human anymore,
to you, like, because you can't form empathy for them,
whether that's like, and right now,
that's as simple as being a Democrat and a Republican.
It's as simple as driving a Prius instead of a Ford F-150.
Yeah.
Like, that's literally, that's enough for people to say,
oh, you're not a man.
Let's make it even simpler because let's talk about
25-year-olds who can't afford a Prius or a Ford F-150
aren't making that decision, and therefore,
those decisions are actually ideological for them.
And every day, for better or for worse,
whether they should be doing it or not,
these people are living online.
And every, and their chimpanzee spinal cords
are jacked up by these interactions they're having.
I just did it today.
I'm a 44-year-old grown-ass man.
I've gotten one fight with my girlfriend
while traveling, this entire Thanksgiving,
all these connecting flights, all this stress.
We even high-fived each other
and even knew we were jinxing it.
We didn't fight.
We traveled as a couple.
We had one kerfuffle and it was absolutely centered around,
I got on Twitter.
The important thing seems to be that the way
that the internet is, the nature of it favors,
I'm just gonna use simple language.
It favors Nazis.
It does not favor hippies.
If you want people to be happy,
you are having to overcome obstacles on the internet.
If you want people to be angry,
if you want people to be afraid,
every step you take, it's like you're on one
of those airport conveyor belt things
where every step you take takes you five steps further
and the left is walking against it
because technology, until we figure out a way
to add a wire to the internet cables
that makes you feel what the other person is feeling,
it's like we're in this pool together
and we're just going like,
oh, I want everybody to be happy
and it kind of touches on your thing
and I don't know if it's a good thing to use.
We should use this as an example though
because it's like you're clearly,
you're on a blue streak.
You're a charismatic, amazing voice to have out there.
You're a comedian that is a dedicated socialist
and maybe I'm just drunk or maybe I like you,
but it's like, wow, you're a weapon
in the arsenal of making this shit work
and yet through no one's fault really,
except for the way we operate
versus how the enemy operates,
you had to resign from an official position
because of a joke you made because we can't,
if you're interested in equality,
you can't, that doesn't merge well with jokes.
The less tolerance is being used against us right now.
And we're also-
The fact that we stand for all of that equality
and we want everything to be like fair
and all of these things that they call us a snowflake for
is absolutely being used against us, particularly online.
And then the moment that we get as ugly as they do
and go, okay, let's tussle in the mud then,
let's get down and dirty here,
they go, whoa, look who's triggered
and where's your tolerance now?
So much for the tolerant left.
Look at you, you're all mad.
It's so easy to trigger these things.
And also in the meantime,
you guys can't even get along with each other.
Right.
Look at all these women arguing with each other
about blah, blah, blah, what do you expect us
to take this seriously?
You guys can't even stop pillow fighting about this.
It's just condescending.
Look, you're not an army.
Well, to the point specifically about my thing,
I fucked up in allowing ammo for that.
I tweeted a thing, a Bill Cosby joke
that now I agree with people,
like it was right after the Weinstein thing
and no woman needs to go online
and see some fucking white dudes posing
with Bill Cosby's star.
I see how people would be upset.
And I gave them a context free way
for everybody to get mad at me.
From the right to the left, like,
oh, you're a fucking pussy for apologizing and resigning.
Oh, you know, like, how dare you?
And truly, I, as a, I'm not a politician.
I thought I was a politician.
I thought that I could be in this position
where you're going to be judged so harshly
on everything you say and everything you say
represents this group.
And I made it very clear in that moment,
no, I don't want to do that anymore.
I don't want to have the DSA's reputation
on the hook for me because I'm a comedian
and I'm a writer and so I inherently take certain risks
and fall on my face.
And when I do that in front of a crowd,
40 to 100 people don't like me.
But when I do it on Twitter as the face of the DSA,
that could bring down the left if, you know,
weaponized correctly.
And so I see where things, you know,
where it made a lot of sense for me to resign.
On the other side of that spectrum,
like you said, if you know who I am
and you know the context, nobody in the local chapter
that knows me got super upset with that,
nobody who is like my friend,
nobody who knows that I was making a reference
to taking Confederate statues down,
knows that I led a charge to get the Confederate statue
taken down at Hollywood Forever Cemetery.
But that's my fuck up for giving them this ammo.
So we, like especially within our leadership,
need to hold ourselves to an even higher standard.
And so what I want to do now is sort of just be
a little bit more of a Steve Bannon, but good,
where you can help people say things
and take what is the internet,
what is the internet good for?
I think it's good for like radicalizing and ideology.
And you see podcasts-
And it's bad for that too.
Well, it's bad for that if it's bad ideology.
It's good pure, like morally ambiguous radicalization,
whether it's for ISIS or for the good guys.
Like the internet can do that.
And I think the Democrats, and a big reason
why I'm upset with the Democrats,
is that they won the culture war,
but they seeded the ideological battle
for no fucking reason.
They got rid of union halls, which was the one place
where people, like poor people, people of color,
working class people, met up and talked face to face.
And then on the internet, all it is is fucking gifts
and the West Wing and Harry Potter references.
There's no, there's no ideology.
And that's what socialism and specifically,
for me, democratic socialism gives me,
is it gives me this fuel to understand,
oh, this is happening because of this.
I know, because this guy that I like fucking told me this,
or this woman who rules taught me this thing
just by watching her do it.
Well, so, okay.
So I know you're saying, like, first and foremost,
consider getting off the internet more and more.
Yeah.
It will always be there.
It runs everything.
You can get caught up within a moment.
You could spend an entire week off of Twitter
from my experience, and not a lot has changed.
That's not the same as telling you
you're wrong for currently being on it,
or anything like that.
Order to tune out and stop being informed, either.
That's not tuning out and stopping being informed.
Yeah.
And so, but, however, and then there's,
so there's that, it's like everybody experiment
with like, start spending more time in the real world
and blah, blah, blah.
For those of us who are just gonna do tomorrow
what we did yesterday, but wanna put like one tag
for our tag cloud, one little piece of awareness
on how we spend tomorrow.
And sadly, we're gonna spend tomorrow texting, tweeting,
posting, reacting, commenting, arguing, fighting,
getting mad, getting scared.
Acquiescing to that saying,
that's how we're gonna behave tomorrow.
What's, is there some kind of little algorithm,
some kind of little call to consciousness
that harms nothing, threatens nothing,
demands almost nothing.
Just.
Yes.
Every interaction, everything you see online,
every way that you're reacting to it internally
and every conflict you start getting in
on a comment section, like, is there some kind of.
So what I've done personally that's really helped me
is you have to recognize that national media
focuses on national storylines that you can't affect.
You can't change this huge thing.
So what I've done is I've stopped watching cable news.
Cable news, inherently, it's only there to scare you
and make you buy, you know, fucking Centrum Silver
or whatever.
And to delegitimize fringe voices
in favor of corporate status quo.
Absolutely.
But where am I gonna find out
whether or not I can sue somebody for Mesocilioma?
Game show network.
Okay.
I mean, the Game Show Network is the only channel I watch
and that's what you should do.
No whammies.
These fuckers want you to sue somebody
for Mesocilioma.
It's crazy.
They're gonna find you.
Are you suggesting though,
because it's like suggesting that people.
Pay attention to Trump in only how he can entertain you
by being an idiot.
Is there a way to start shifting over
for all of us Facebook, Twitter addicted,
Tumblr addicted, everybody like so.
We could shift over to local.
These things all have local.
Yes, roots and it all starts at the local level.
So there is a DSA chapter or PSL,
which is the party for socialism and liberation.
There are progressive groups.
If you don't have like a socialist,
like find the most left most people in your community.
You can follow groups on Twitter.
Yeah.
Are the local.
Yeah, DSA Los Angeles, DSA, you know.
And then your Twitter feed is gonna be injected
with a little bit of, oh, the Los Feliz Boulevard.
This is happening there at the corner of this and that.
You're gonna go, whoa, let's just down the block
from my house.
Exactly.
And that might start a kind of,
you might actually decide one day you got nothing to do
and like you know the address they're talking about.
You know the shopping center
that where this is happening and that.
Right, so what'll happen is like an account,
a DSA account or one of these other leftist accounts
will retweet about a state bill.
And a state, like state bills are where power is
in your state.
Like we live in a country that allows a lot of states rights.
There was a big fight about it a couple hundred years ago.
But what.
I generally disagree with it, but it's what we have.
Which is what we have.
And so using what we have, we can look at a situation.
Have you, have any of you ever called a state representative?
Yeah, a couple times.
Oh wait, no, no, that's not a U.S.
Not a U.S. congressman, not a Senator, a state rep.
Right, the only people that call state senators
are like, excuse me, my mailman's two Chinese.
You know what I mean?
Like they're the craziest people in the world.
And there are these really important bills
going through California, for example,
has Medicare for all bill that's been shelved,
but with enough popular pressure could be brought back.
These people, like when you call your state representatives,
not your national representatives,
they're so happy to not be talking to a blind racist.
To fucking Clint Eastwood in Grand Torino.
Because those are the people who call.
And your efforts, you know, it takes fucking,
it takes effort to go into lunch break
and look up the number and fucking,
because you're working all the time
to find the phone number to call for Nancy Pelosi
to just ignore you.
Or fucking Dianne Feinstein
to not even fucking pick up the phone.
Oh yeah.
And literally, there was somebody in LADSA
that sent a pizza with pepperoni spelling out
like our message to them because they wouldn't,
there was like, don't confirm,
what's the guy that looks like the Kebler Elf?
Sessions.
Dennis Kucinich?
Oh, dating myself.
Yeah, it's like, you know,
to get through to those people so hard,
but you as an individual, look at where your power lies.
Your power lies in your community.
And so if you just change the trajectory
and make a call a week about an issue
that it's like, look and see what state measures
are going on.
But it also might be helpful to say,
your life lies at the local level.
Yes.
Like if you actually become one of these people,
and I think we've encountered old people that we kind of,
we're like, what's with them?
Like they're so passionate about the fucking twigs
and gathering on the street corners or whatever.
Like, well, become the cool version of one of those people.
And you'll be following your comfort level
because it's your neighborhood.
And you'll also like, because I think also it's like,
if you're thinking the whole time,
well, I'm gonna hand this blanket or this tail light
to this person.
And in so doing, I'm gonna take down Trump.
You're gonna get frustrated every time you come home
to 900 Trump tweets.
Exactly.
And feel like you're acting in futility.
But all right.
Well, goddamn, I mean.
And one last thing, if you don't mind.
Yeah, go for it.
And also like fucking talk.
What the?
Jesus.
Oh, shit.
Jeff's a secret alt-right agent
who's trying to undercut your message.
I've said this before, but like the reason the Tea Party won
is because they serve tea.
They don't watch prestige television and they don't fuck.
Like that's the reason why they won.
They, all they do is this.
But there are so many fewer of them than there are us.
So if we just do a little bit,
and you can still fucking watch the deuce,
James Franco's surprisingly good in it.
And you can still watch fucking,
well, you know, whatever shows you wanna watch
or be on Bumble or fucking whatever,
but just like once a week,
just like look and see what's going on in your community
and do that.
And if enough of us give,
I mean, that's what socialism's all fucking about.
It's enough of us working a little bit
so that the rest of us don't have to work super fucking hard.
And I think that fundamentally is the way
that we need to look at the world.
All right.
You can go to city, like public hearings and stuff too,
like local government.
I don't know, like on NPR, you always hear like,
oh, it's 7 p.m. on a Tuesday.
So we're gonna take you now to the Santa Monica City Hall
where a bunch of people are gonna get mad about parking.
And like, you can be one of those people mad about parking
and you can have a lot better ideas.
And it's not like, well, I mean, it's the same thing
about like these races calling like the state senators.
It's like the people who go there
are generally crazy old people with stupid concerns.
And I bet a lot of people are, you know,
willing to hear reasonable concerns
from less stupid people.
And the proof of that right now
is that like through a divest LA
and definitely check out divest LA and public bank LA
if you live in Los Angeles.
And there's great public bank movements
in the Bay Area and all across the country.
Like they did exactly that.
They went to a local city council meeting
and various local neighborhood council meetings
and were like, hey, we have this idea
and it generated enough.
And this was directly in response to the pipeline shit,
the Dakota Access Pipeline Wells Fargo's involvement in that.
And what happened was without any real like stalling
or anything like a smooth, smooth ride,
the city council unanimously voted
to divest $40 million from Wells Fargo.
And it was just like a couple people
that like look like us that, you know.
They just showed up.
That just showed up and we're like talking about it.
And then, you know, next thing you know,
the world is billions of dollars better.
And that's where it counts.
It turns out we have good ideas.
Yeah.
Well, I felt like my initial instinct was,
okay, I'm going to have, I had my Eleanor Democrat on
and I have my, I'm going to have the DSA on
and I'm going to have Antifa on.
I'm never going to have a Nazi on.
I, I, but, but, you know, much as I met Spencer
by asking, is there a dungeon master here?
I feel like you're, you know,
you were not being indoctrinated into any cult
or political party when we talk about acting locally
and all this stuff.
And, and you're very charismatic and, and, and unthreatening.
You're definitely de-coagulating my defense mechanisms.
And therefore, let's say you're LA based, right?
Yeah.
Let's have you back sooner than later
because let's start the conversation at like,
what should we do?
Like, like locally because then like locally can mean
locally everywhere that everyone's watching
and it doesn't, Jesus Christ, he hates, he hates progress.
He loves symbols.
But, and so let's give us one more time.
I guess maybe the website, if people want to just start.
Yeah.
I mean, dsausa.org is the national website.
You can follow dsa on Twitter, on dsaLA is dsa-la.org.
But I encourage you, I'm not here to tell you
just to join the DSA.
Those are the people that I found that.
Most importantly, because I think the biggest thing
that's gonna trigger people is like,
we're not, we're not Bernie Broen necessarily here.
No, and there are people that are, you know, okay.
So the thing that made me join is I went with a friend
of mine to a meeting right after the election
and I was like, you know, I'll give these guys a shot.
Let's see what happens.
And I saw a bunch of fucking white dudes with glasses
and various forms of facial hair
that look like they listen to podcasts all the time.
And I was like, okay, okay.
It's like a bunch of guys like me or whatever.
And then the person that was leading the meeting,
the chair at the time was this amazing,
witchy old woman named Carol, who I love,
who is like one of the greatest women
in the history of politics.
She flipped over a bus during an anti-Vietnam protest
and just kept the seat warm.
Because her baby was under it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's why she had the magic of the power.
I don't approve of female strength on physical levels.
No, no, no.
She's a regular she-hulk and she,
so she said like, okay, who's here,
who doesn't really necessarily vibe with DSA
but is just here for, you know, just to see what's up.
And this guy came up and he was like, I'm a Democrat
and I am not gonna change that at any time.
He was like an older man and he was like,
I just wanna be somewhere and with a group of people
that can help point me in the right way
to help change the Democratic Party,
is it okay if I'm in here?
And there were like kind of like snickers,
like, you know, a little bit.
And then Carol walks up and goes,
now I'm sure a lot of you disagree with this tactic.
I'm sure a lot of you disagree
with working within the Democratic Party
and we're like nodding our heads.
And she's like, how many of you are willing to do the work
that he's gonna do in the Democratic Party?
And we were all like, not me.
And she's like, right, so we have a big tent
where it's called a big tent organization
where if no matter what your level involvement is,
no matter what your politics are,
if you want to help locally on issues
that I guarantee you you agree with,
everything from like, hey, maybe we shouldn't put spikes
under overpasses so homeless people can't live
in under our precious overpasses,
Mitch O'Farrell, city council person of Los Angeles.
Like, you'll find that.
And then beyond that, you'll be able to find,
like we don't just, we're not on a amorphous blob.
We have our housing and homelessness committee,
which is focused on doing things like street watch,
which cops go and illegally fuck up homeless encampments.
People that have a job and a computer and a phone
and are right there ready to get a fucking apartment,
they'll go in and bust all their shit
and break all their shit completely illegally.
So we have a couple people who are comfortable
waking up at four in the morning
when we have a Google number, gets called
and says there's a sweep coming
and they just stand there with their phones
and they just videotape and the cops don't fuck with people.
So like, if that interests you, you can do that.
If you're into healthcare, if you're into prison abolition,
who's doing a lot of great work with our mutual aid,
group on the taillight benefit,
like all of, there's all these different causes.
And maybe just maybe if what you're really good at
is sitting in your, in front of your computer
and following your kind of anger and outrage
and trolling people, there might even be a job for you
that actually ends, you know, you can use those skills
if you wanna feel like you're fucking with people.
You know what's the best thing in the world?
Fucking real life trolling.
We ruined Mayor Garcetti's election party
because he was capitulating with Trump and not,
he wasn't calling Los Angeles a sanctuary city,
which by the way, it still fucking isn't.
And so he was letting our,
because he wants the Olympics so fucking bad,
he was letting the cops work hand in hand with ICE
and fuck people over.
There was this big story that I'm not sure
if you remember in Highland Park
where a dude was literally dropping his daughter off.
He had a DUI 40 years ago.
It's the only crime he ever committed.
And he was just snatched.
It's one of the first ones.
Yeah, Romulo was his name.
And he luckily because of public pressure was let out.
But in response to this, we used our anger
and we found out, well, shit, the mayor is getting elected
in what is gonna be a landslide.
Might as well be running on a post.
He's throwing a big party.
It's a boring election with a lot of press.
Let's go fuck it up.
And so a hundred of us showed up and started yelling
about getting ICE out of Los Angeles.
And we had people infiltrate and interrupt his speech.
And then what ended up happening was people
that worked for the mayor came out to us
like during the party, like kind of were like,
hey, keep doing stuff like this, please.
Because we never get pressure from the left.
It's always pressure from the right.
And so we kept pressuring on and granted,
this wasn't our idea.
We had groups like that organized and documented people
that are on the front lines who can't go be
so fucking confrontational with the mayor.
But we as a group of mostly white people
can use our privilege to amplify their voices
and put ourselves in the way of jail time,
which they're not gonna arrest a bunch
of fucking white people.
Like that's just not how cops work.
And so we yelled and we yelled and we yelled and we yelled
and two weeks later, he passed special order 40,
which makes it so that no Los Angeles city official
can collaborate with ICE.
And it's like, that's trolling that fucking works.
That's just you being, we literally did the Simpsons,
Eric, Eric, while he was getting his fucking makeup on.
And it was fun and-
And there may be people out there that don't,
they're like, well, I don't wanna do that.
I don't wanna be a troll and all that stuff.
And so there's, but there's-
You can give low income women rides to abortion clinics
because people do that too.
There's every personality.
It's like when you start, when you run a TV show,
you go like, there's people who love writing fanfic,
like 500 pages of what if stuff.
There's people who just, who hate those people,
but they can love the same TV show.
I'm translating this into my own fucking narcissistic thing.
So anyways, I hate to, I don't wanna be the guy
that cuts off the guy that's passionate
and is doing good by talking.
But if we cut into D&D time,
we'll be undercutting the entire DSA.
They'll be the reason we didn't play D&D.
But let's resolve that, whether it's like a segment,
you come back for 10 minutes per show or whatever
and help me reform myself as a locally active person.
I'm too drunk, I'm making too many promises.
But something where we have you back very soon,
I really appreciate your willingness,
especially in light of how, you know,
just hearing about your recent, like,
kind of brush up against the PC thing
and how that must fucking suck
for somebody that just wants to be.
You're a hero to me because you clearly care
about this stuff enough to keep, like,
plunging along and actually saying this shit, so.
The movement's more important than me.
And so, ultimately, the reason that I resigned
is it was like, I don't want to be a wait on the movement.
That's a threshold I'd love to cross.
And maybe you can help me in the way I'm, like,
you know, Brandon and Duncan, like, help me, like,
stay positive instead of negative and stuff.
But so, let's go, thank you, Josh and Drosky,
for coming by. Thank you.
We'll see you again soon, and, uh...
MUSIC
Yeah, and just again, he's not officially
a spokesperson for the DSA.
He just, uh, they, again, didn't step up to the plate.
If it gets your dander up, there might be a couple...
Well, I'm sympathetic... Everything gets my dander.
...if you're like, oh, I'm a Harmontown fan.
I don't... I delineate that from politics.
So, what I don't like is for my Harmontown episode
to be entirely about, um, politics.
I... Sure, I sympathize with that.
I would submit to you.
I do not know what Harmontown is supposed to be,
which is why sometimes it is something
that you find amazing.
And I think there are probably some people
that are orgasming right now,
because we finally... We walked the walk a little bit
in terms of a booking and, like, holy shit,
that was a... That was a signal to boost, I think,
because I've been babbling forever about, um,
acting locally and all this shit,
and I don't know how to do it.
Yeah.
And so making a friend that actually knows
how to walk that walk is important to me.
And what's important to me should be important to you.
So, fuck you, Julie.
Yeah, Julie.
With your joint dangling from your mouth,
thinking Harmontown's so great,
but only when he raps about fucking my mama.
Is Steve Levy here tonight?
No.
Which is why we need to replace him with...
Shhh.
Let's bring Rob Schrab back up.
Rob Schrab!
Oh, yeah.
Almost there, I guess.
Oh, shit.
He put a chair on the stage.
He's rolling about.
Rob, since you have wheels, go get our character sheets
for us, so you...
Rob Schrab is going to devros his way across our stage.
This might hurt him.
Rob Schrab is nothing if not a showman.
Rob Schrab, gathering up our character sheets.
Going to hand Dan, Dan's character sheets.
And just a side note, if you want to join the D&DSA,
you can roll your character sheet.
We're using standard point buy arrays.
Oh, man.
Scionic classes are off the table.
I have an exciting thing to talk to you about,
role-playing-wise.
So this guy, who I talked to for, I guess, probably
a hot Adderall vodka-induced hour and a half or so
following one of our shows.
And I was just talking to him about that Blacksburg Technical
Research Center game, Space Time and Time Lords.
Remember I babbled to you about that,
like this role-playing game that I...
Anyways, he...
Where you're playing yourself?
He...
Yes.
OK.
Where you play yourself.
So this is a system where you approximate your own real life
attributes.
Is Rob going to play Steve?
Is Rob playing Diarrhea Jr.?
I mean, he'll do whatever he wants,
regardless of what anyone attempts or desires.
He certainly is doing it right now.
If you haven't paid $5 a month for our subscription,
you're missing out on one of life's great treasures.
This has mostly been a non-visual show,
but these couple of minutes are certainly
a phenomenon unto itself.
I'm really worried he's going to hurt himself.
Like, he's just going to roll off the stage.
I hope that happens.
Like, that's the thing about a rolling chair on a platform.
Like, one wheel goes off the edge,
and I don't care if you're Jackie Chan, you're dead.
But why are you on the side of that, you know?
All right, let's have fun.
We're all going to die.
Suspenser, Rob, are you going to play the role of Steve Levy
after Diarrhea?
Yeah, what do you want to do, Rob?
Sure.
Do you want to be an NBC?
What do you want to be?
What?
A non-player character.
I'll be a non-player character, because I'd like to see that.
Were you disappointed when you came to the show
and then there's a guy?
It's like, I'm talking politics, and you're like,
oh, I'm not going to come anymore.
What are you talking about?
No, I'm sharing my insecurities.
Yeah, we want to know what you're feeling.
I like it when you show up.
I'm sorry, I've had a rough couple of days.
Oh, wait, what do you mean?
Why?
Yeah, let's talk about that.
I'll tell you about it later, but I'm fine.
Is it lolly sick?
No.
Is Kate sick?
No, no, no.
Wait, what's going on?
I'll talk.
No, it's not to the stage.
Oh, OK, it could be.
What?
Let's act it out.
OK.
It's your boss.
I'm really out of breath from doing all that.
I was out of breath from dancing,
and then I had to start rapping.
And I was like, man, I can't even fucking breathe.
It's a bummer.
What a life.
This mic is quieter than the others?
Well, it's because when you, but the genius thing is that the.
Oh, because it's me?
Well, no, the streamers, it's like,
it's unmistakably a live performance.
But then when you listen to it and I have,
like, man, this goes to Zach and Chris, like, I mean,
they're walking a fucking crazy tightrope.
They're recording streaming live audio
that when you listen back to it, it
sounds like a real podcast episode.
Like, it's not compromised by the fact
that we're doing it in a warehouse.
But I think as performers, we benefit from visually
from being in this space as opposed to the audio.
But thank you for bringing it up so I can give props
to our amazing engineers.
I have a little bit of a business housekeeping question.
OK.
Who farted?
I don't know.
It really smells like a fart.
Oh, recently.
Do you think it was Josh Andraski from the GSA?
Or your girlfriend?
That was a long time ago.
This is a present fart.
No, it wasn't me, because the minute you started going,
I'd like to ask a question.
I almost said, who farted?
Oh, well, it had to be Josh then,
because I didn't smell anything.
So it had to be Josh.
It's either Jeff in an incredible werewolf game
level of manipulation.
I would either not bring it up, or I would say, sorry,
everybody, I farted all over.
Using my werewolf skills that always get me taken out
within the third round, I think that, yeah, I think Jeff did it.
I didn't do it.
I swear to God.
I'm not accusing you of doing it.
I'm just saying that that's even more
old world rules than that.
Whoever smelt it, dealt it, I believe.
And whoever denied it supplied it if I'm not mistaken.
Guys, somebody farted on me.
Somebody farted on me.
And I thought we all needed to address that.
No, we should.
But I'm just thinking about the options.
And in my head, it's got to be one of you two.
Well, it's certainly wrong.
Well, if it was me, it'd be really obvious.
Well, that's because I am.
You were rolling around crop dusting.
I didn't.
I swear to God.
I know.
That's why it's too obvious to be you.
That's why I think it must be Jeff.
If I farted all over the stage, I would be the first to say,
sorry, everybody, I sneak attack.
I don't know if it's a fart, because it keeps on rolling,
because as you.
It could be like a Burbank thing.
Yeah, I mean, as you've been talking,
it's been kind of like wafted through a couple of times.
It's been wafting and railing through the fucking stage.
It could be the.
Schrab was rolling around the stage.
Yeah, but I didn't.
They start making the farts in Burbank, the early shift.
That might be it.
So then you can get your fresh Burbank farts.
I swear to God, it wasn't me.
It's 6 AM.
I'm not blaming anybody.
I just felt like somebody farted on my head.
Do you remember the tannery?
I was just in Milwaukee.
Yeah.
Milwaukee smells there.
How was the college talk?
My art school talk was great.
Life changing.
Did you like Dan's intro?
Did you use it?
Yes, I did.
Everybody applauded.
The full edit?
No, he's the only non-rapping one.
Yeah.
Well, that's, I mean, we just see that.
The wraps were a failure.
They weren't a failure.
They were just a different take.
Did you use the wrap where he rhymed Bukake?
No.
OK.
You didn't use any of the wraps.
He used the verbal one.
The verbal one.
This guy is going to swivel in a chair
and tell me he didn't fart on me.
I did not fart on you.
He just seems like that's guilty.
If I farted on you, you would know.
Because I'd be going, I don't know what you're talking about.
$500.
In Florida, as if they didn't have enough troubles,
sometimes their tap water just smells like a fart.
Outside my hotel, I was like, what's that fart smell?
And then my parents would be like, well, that's just tide.
Tide comes in, goes out.
When it goes out, leaves dead stuff.
Milwaukee, we're no stranger to that.
The dead eel lives there.
They smell like rotting fish.
The tannery.
But the tap water, I was brushing my teeth one morning,
and then I brush my teeth, and then I go in, and I cup,
and I slurp my rinsing water out of the tap.
What?
Is this like the standing wiper thing?
I'm going to find out I do the retrospective.
We have 10 minutes to play D&D.
So Spencer, you want to catch us up?
Yeah.
Honestly, what happened, you guys?
Dan, do you remember anything that happened?
I remember fighting zombies as we just
got to the town of Embershot.
Yeah, I think what happened is you
were just on the cusp of the town of Embershot,
which whose name will be revealed.
Great.
I remember we fought the zombies.
Yeah, sorry to listen to you.
We were successful in fighting them in the sense
that they either ran away or were killed.
Yeah, that was all that happened, right?
Because you set up that you were outside of the town.
Yeah, that's what was confusing, as I was like,
did it more happen?
And the answer was no.
So last time, y'all found some zombies.
There was music coming from a harp,
and it kind of made the zombies bummed out.
There was music bumming out the zombies and skeletons
in a graveyard.
And Diarrhea Jr. went to investigate
the sound that was the music sound.
And when he did, there was a burst of ruby light,
and then the music stopped.
And as if on cue, the zombies stopped being all bummed out
and started just being generally mindless zombies,
trying to end all life as we know it.
And you guys, as clerics and members of the church militants,
fought them and killed them.
That was it, yeah.
Combat takes a long time.
Yeah.
All right, so where are we standing right now?
You're outside of the graveyard.
You're standing over the white ashes of the skeleton
that you cut down with your flame blade spell.
All right.
That was a fucking flame blade.
Yeah, that was what Chad did.
So zombies, no more music, no more zombies.
Well, nighttime.
Looks like we got here either just in time
or when I take off my mime glasses or too late.
Yeah!
Yeah.
Won't get fooled again!
Well, we got here in time to kill a bunch of fucking zombies.
Yeah, but why are they running rampant?
Where did that music come from?
I mean, who knows?
This could be, let's head into town.
You know from your knowledge of religion, yeah, that's for you.
Is it?
Yeah, you can ask real questions.
You're playing Levy's character, right?
Yeah, what are you?
Well, that's not what we said before the music started.
Well, we can clear up anything you want.
I'm here to help and answer questions.
You got to eat that mic, bro.
This is not for everyone to hear.
Eat my fucking mic, Jeff.
All right, I'm eating the mic.
So what was your question?
You asked me earlier, would I like to be Steve Levy's
character or a new character?
And then I said, I'd be a new game character, whatever.
You really gave him that option?
No, I don't think that I did.
No one gave you that option.
I don't want to argue.
All right, nobody remembered having that conversation.
I don't want to offer to make a new character for you.
OK, whatever.
We're doing this.
We've got seven minutes.
All right, OK, so everybody just stand back.
I'm going to, OK, what's this?
I start kicking the bones that are in front of me.
I start kicking it.
I go, look at this.
What a mess.
Look at the mess you made here.
This is great.
Terrific.
Now what are we going to do?
I'm going to play the game.
What are we doing?
One of those war movie things where it's like a PTSD thing
and I'm going to cradle him and go, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Listen to me, man.
You've got to look at me.
This world is magical.
A lot of that magic is dark.
All right, I've been through pain.
I was raised by pain.
We all met through a church.
That church ain't perfect.
We're here to clean up this town.
Can't even remember where the fuck we're here.
That's a great question to ask.
Who said that?
It was because of the, we're on the quest of Patchen's Jewel.
The quest of Patchen's gem.
A third party Linux quest that wasn't approved of.
Well, it was approved of.
Well, yeah.
It's an open source quest.
Yeah, I don't want to get into the minutiae.
It was very complicated.
We're on the quest of Patchen's.
The quest for Patchen's gem.
Patchen's gem.
Yeah.
Patchen's, who was your good friend and helped you out
in Dome, Roan, he got robbed, in part,
because you guys let him get stabbed a bunch.
And we feel guilty about that, so we're
going to go get this gem.
We're going to get the gem back.
Do we have to kill some zombies along the way?
Yes.
We fucking did.
So now it's time to put the pedal to the mother.
I'm going.
You guys are, I'm going to start looking.
I'm going to, I'm walking, I'm walking away.
Walking towards the gem.
I'll figure it out.
I'll find it.
I feel so bad about this, but I don't
remember if Patchen's is with us.
Patchen's is here, yeah.
He didn't, he was kind of quiet in that last fight.
But guys, here's the thing.
Patchen's has been overtly critical of our ability
to help him in the past, and we are not.
We've proven him right.
I feel like you put me in a position
where honesty implies brutal criticality.
I don't know that I want it to be in those situations.
I'm saying to my party members, I'm going,
guys, if the goal is to make Patchen's go out.
I think our goal is, let's keep it simple.
Let's, let's help Patchen's out.
Let's do one thing right.
What?
Patchen's, yeah.
I have an idea.
OK.
Here's the thing.
We just got to a new town.
There's no direct, like, linear mission.
I think what we should do is we, the only people that
have seen us together are zombies.
They're dead.
They've fled.
We should do that thing, like, in the beginning of the third,
the return of the Jedi.
OK.
We show up one by one in this town.
Wait for everybody to take a nap.
Well, don't start, like, let's not
get sidetracked by our critical grievances with that movie.
But I'm just saying, like, their strategy was just like,
we just, we don't come in together.
We don't go, hey, we're the Rebel Alliance.
We're here to free Han Solo.
All right, right.
Like, we, we, we just show up in different guises.
Just disguising this part.
And we, and we don't acknowledge, the only rule
is we just don't acknowledge that we know each other.
The one rule is that we don't acknowledge
that we know each other.
We don't acknowledge that we know each other.
Until, until, it's time, time to make shit happen.
Hey, I came back.
Oh, boy.
Oh.
Right.
He was off mic.
Hi.
So we're going to go into town.
Let's, let's give 10 minute waits between each of us
entering town.
I'll go first.
OK.
Good.
Diarrhea, you, you go in first.
I'll go first.
Bye.
Duh, just, and just, you don't know us.
Hold my hands up.
You don't know us.
No, blend in.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
And all you're going to do is just, you,
you don't have an agenda.
You're, you're not on any kind of case.
You're just going to go to a store.
Sure, you could go to the saloon.
You could go to the thing.
I'll go to the saloon store.
Just try to ingratiate yourself with locals.
All right.
The sun begins to rise as you see the outer wall of dormants.
I'll take a beer.
That's the name of the town.
The outer wall.
The wall is thick and only about 10 feet high,
but it's like make, it's mostly like a big pile of like lumber
and dirt and stuff.
It's kind of like a beaver dam.
It's just kind of like a big, a big mess of a big thick wall
kind of surrounding the city.
It has a bit of bracing structure and kind of like a bit
on top that you walk on that's more flat,
but it's just kind of like a giant barricade
surrounding the whole town.
You're, you're in front of the gate and there's two guards.
Well, they, they seem like they're guards,
but they're not wearing uniforms or anything.
And they're sitting on top of the gate.
You look at them and you can tell they're sleeping.
They're sleeping on the job in the morning.
Hey.
They slowly wake up as if out of a stupor
and they, they're squinting in the sunlight
and looking around, they, they, they spot you.
Hey, can I get in?
What, what's your business here?
I, I need to, I, there's some stuff in there I have to get.
Just open the door.
I gotta go.
You don't look like you're from around here.
Why should we let you in?
No, no, no, no, no, just open the door.
I forgot my thing.
You forgot your thing?
I forgot my, you know, my, what is the thing?
I don't know what they're called.
You put it around your, your shirt.
You put it around your shirt.
Just can you open it?
I'm in a hurry here.
Right, yeah.
I'm sorry to wake you up next to the door handle,
but can you open it up so I can get my,
it's really early.
Just we open up the door.
Yeah, no, I get it.
We sometimes you forget your thing.
Thank you.
Open the door.
You can see as you walking in,
they're kind of falling back asleep.
What the hell?
Wait, he got it?
Yeah, he got it.
But we don't know this.
You know, we don't, we didn't observe his techniques.
You didn't know, he rolled a 20.
Yep.
Oh yeah.
A 20 what?
20?
A 20 lying.
A 20 of fucking bullets.
I'm going to use that.
All right.
So my plan was like, we just go individually
because it's like, we don't, we just want to,
we just want to, we want to cast a wide net
because I feel like our mission is infiltration.
I mean,
I walk up at 10 minutes later,
I walk up to the guards and I go,
Hey, can you guys let me in?
No, they wake up.
You look like you're like a knight or something.
What do you got?
What are you doing?
I'm just a, my friend just came through here.
I'm his assistant.
He left his ID and I want to make sure he has the stuff.
I'm not even staying,
I just want to make sure he has his thing.
The guards follow sleep while you're talking.
All right.
So I walk through.
It's a closed door though.
All right.
How tall is the door?
It's 10 feet high.
It looks very easy to scale.
I scale the door.
All right.
Yeah.
It's very easy to sneak past the sleeping guards.
It's, it's a,
it's about like nine in the morning
and they're still sleeping.
You don't know,
they seem like they might have slept
through the night shift.
I walk back.
I scale back over the door and just call Carlos
and say like, hey, it's easy.
Don't, don't, we're not supposed to,
you're blowing your cover.
Okay.
I just, I get back inside.
All right.
Now I, after, and then I,
and then I approach the gates.
The guards are sleeping.
They wake up with a start and they grab their spears
and they're like holding their spears.
Like, get it, fuck off.
What are you doing?
I request entry to Dornaster
on a diplomatic and religious mission
for the church of the silver flame.
The door fee is three copper.
I wonder if the church approves that fee
or should it go into your local fund?
I don't know what you're talking about.
For the last I shall pay it.
All right.
One of the guards falls asleep
and the other one, he, he holds his spear down
and the spear is like holding a bucket
that you can put the money into.
Interesting how weapons are adapted to commerce
in times of peace.
The guard falls asleep
and the bucket falls on the ground.
Whoa.
Wake up.
Wait, check, see how much money's in that bucket?
What is my-
There's only his money.
That's my money.
Well, take your money back.
Hello.
They wake back up, huh?
You, you're so accustomed to taking bribes,
you fell asleep during it.
That sounds right.
Yes.
Please let me in so I can not report you to the church.
All right.
Just, just go away.
They open the door.
I pocket my copper.
All right, so.
And my integrity.
Hey, no, just, hey, don't.
I'm hiding behind the, the, the bushes.
Just the idea was for us to arrive as if we were.
Don't give me away.
I can't, I'm not.
Pretty cool getting in here.
Huh?
Yeah.
They were asleep.
Yeah, the idea was.
All right, so, so we're all inside now.
Yeah.
We're all inside.
But, and it's 10 or three, so let's.
You're clustered near the pig farm.
We're clustered.
And the various farms.
All right, hey guys, good job getting in.
Hey, I guess my plan didn't work.
We just, now we're all in together and.
So we're not, we're not gonna.
However, we're not on record with Sleeping Guards
as coming as a group.
That's important.
Yeah.
I think.
As far as, as far as they're concerned,
we were three different people.
I think we should still now take advantage of that fact,
that as far as the record shows,
a group of church officials never came to this town.
You know?
Right.
So we can now spread out, because our first,
first thing we need to do is find information.
We need to find passion.
We gotta, we gotta find information.
We need to figure out what's going on in this town.
And how a network of brigands.
Why is everybody so tired?
A lot of sleeping.
What time, what time of day is it Spencer?
It's about nine, maybe ten.
Is there a town like Belle, like a church, like a tower?
There is a church, but it doesn't have a bell.
All right.
We got to get these people a bell.
I'm going to say, you know, like,
from this conversation forward, unless Peril demands it,
we don't acknowledge that we are part of the same.
In search of a bell.
And we also, I'll be an emissary of the church,
but you guys have to make up your own backstories.
OK.
I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm a, I'm a down at heel gambler.
Downing?
Yeah, who's, who's ready for action?
I just like to see you happy.
And Diarrhea?
I'm going to, I'm a, I'm a, I work with the church.
Oh.
You had one job.
Clifinger!
Wait, wait, the wrong song.
All right.
We'll pick up our.
Yeah, let's hear it for Spencer Crittenden and Rob Schrab.
Josh Androwski, wait, what's his website's name?
I have it in my text.
It's got to be dsa.sum.
It's called Left Coast, right?
God damn it.
We had one job.
It's a podcast with Jeff Androwski called Left Coast.
Spencer Crittenden and your game master.
I'm Jeff Davis, your comptroller.
I'm way too tired to name everybody here.
But let's hear it for Church.
Church, our guest.
Kris Boruff, Sarah Hill.
Who else is out there?
Zac McKeever, other people.
Nolan Fabricius.
Oh, Church is doing a dance with Rob Schrab?
Boop, boop, boop.
My name is a podcast man.
I just distributed my podcast.
I did it without the FCC's permission.
But you allowed for a government takeover of the internet.
So this might be over.
In the future, you won't be able to get to this site
because let's hear it for your mayor, Dan Harmon, number one.
Let's hear it for Rob Schrab and the Zardaz chair.
Davros, I meant Davros.
Or Zardaz.
Rob, what if Zardaz became Davros?
How would that go?
Ha, ha, ha.
And your church is with a merchist.
I can sound a church.
Takes those photos that you like so much.
Dan, you want to do a little rap?
Yo, yo, yo, yo.
Ending rap, end of the show.
Go out and grow, tree to tree, limb to limb.
Put your roots in the ground and look at me.
I'm a blue sky and I'm your father.
Don't look at your mother.
Don't bother.
She's an impersonal cosmic force.
And I fucked her, of course, but not in a disrespectful way.
I was honored.
Hey, Spencer, let's get together to do the dance right.
Next week, Balderdash will play around at Balderdash.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.
Feral Audio.